[New] Apply raster rendering rule (#540)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Apply raster rendering rule/README.md

## How to use the sample

Open the sample and use the picker to select a rendering rule.

## How it works

1. Create an `ImageServiceRaster` using a URL to an online image service.
2. After loading the raster, get its `serviceInfo` to get a list of `RenderingRuleInfo` supported by the service.
3. Choose a rendering rule info to apply and use it to create a `RenderingRule`.
4. Create a new `ImageServiceRaster` using the same image service URL.
5. Apply the rendering rule to the new raster.
6. Create a `RasterLayer` from the raster for display.

## Relevant API

* ImageServiceRaster
* RasterLayer
* RenderingRule

## About the data

The [CharlotteLAS image service](https://sampleserver6.arcgisonline.com/arcgis/rest/services/CharlotteLAS/ImageServer) contains 9 LAS files covering Charlotte, North Carolina's downtown area. The LiDAR data was collected in 2007. Four raster rules are available for selection: None, RFTAspectColor, RFTHillshade, and RFTShadedReliefElevationColorRamp.

## Additional information

> Image service rasters of any type can have rendering rules applied to them; they need not necessarily be elevation rasters. See the list of [raster function objects](https://developers.arcgis.com/documentation/common-data-types/raster-function-objects.htm) and syntax for rendering rules in the *ArcGIS REST API* documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image service rasters of any type can have rendering rules applied to them; they need not necessarily be elevation rasters. See the list of [raster function objects](https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/services-reference/enterprise/raster-function-objects/) and syntax for rendering rules in the *ArcGIS REST API* documentation.
```
auto-redirected to the new page.
